R-squared:                       0.869
R-squared is measure of how well the independent variable explains the variation in the dependent variable
Value ranges between 0 and 1.
Higher the value indicates better fit

Adj. R-squared:                  0.807
Adj R-squared value adjusts R-squared value to the account for the number of independent variable
Get penalizes the addition of irrelavent variable. It provides more accurate measure of model explanatory power


F-statistic:                     13.93
HIgher its value indicates model is more significant
It tests overall significance of the model


Prob (F-statistic):           3.79e-07
The P value associated with F-statistic represents the probability of observing the obtained F-statistic 
If its value is below 0.05 it suggest the model is statastically more significant.

coef    

These represents intercept and slope of all the variables. Ex : cyl+disp+hp+drat+wt+qsec+vs+am+gear+carb

std err
It shows standard error associated with coeffient estimates
Smaller standard error indicates more precise estimates

Probality - [0.025      0.975]
This represents confidence interval of each coeffient. 
It provides the range of values within which 95% confident where the true population coeffient lies.

Kurtosis:                       2.526   
Kurtosis measures the peakness or the flatness of residual distibution.
If its value is close to zero it means if follows normal distibution curve.
+ve Kurtosis indicates more peak distibution with heaver tails.
-be Kurtosis indicates flatter distibution.


Omnibus:                        1.907
Omnibus tests for the normality of residuals. If the P value lesser than 0.05 it means model is significant
Omnibus talks abouts statastical test value. 

Prob(Omnibus):                  0.385
Probality of Omnibus.

Durbin-Watson:                   1.861
This test tests for the presence of the auto correlation in the residual.
Its value ranges between 0 to 4. value arround 2 indicates no significant auto correlation.
Its value ranges below 1 and abode 3 indicates +ve or -ve correlation.

Assumption of LR
There are 6 assumptions in linear regression. If any model follows all these 6, we can rely on the model.
1. presence of linearity - which we can see by plotting the grap.
2. Mean of residual should be close to zero. 
3. check for homoscedasticity. Residual should have equal or almost equal varainces accross regression line.
4. check for normality of error terms. If residual follows normal distibution curve model is good.
5. No perfect multico-linearity of residuals
6. check for auto correlation between residuals. if there is no correlation between variable then the model is good.
